# CS255 8-1 Journal Portfolio
This assignment's assumption was that I worked for a small consulting firm that creates systems for a variety of clients. DriverPass was the new customer the project manager assigned. In order to help students better prepare for driving examinations, DriverPass intends to give them access to online practice tests and on-the-road instruction. Some of their requirements for this system included making sure the location has the most recent training and guidelines in line with the neighborhood DMV. Some of their requirements for this system included making sure the location has the most recent training and guidelines in line with the neighborhood DMV. Additionally, the use of a scheduling system, push alerts, and platform compatibility, allows students to reserve time with driving instructors. (PC and mobile devices) Overall, I thought I did a good job, but I could have done a better job of comprehending and implementing all of the user needs. I think I did a really good job drawing the diagrams for the system. I want to elaborate on the business requirements paper that is provided in addition to building the diagrams. The way the system's client's demands are described and articulated is remarkable. Correct notation for the UML sequence diagram and the completion of the technical requirements for the system design documents with greater specificity are two aspects of my work on the documents that I would want to change in order to enhance comprehension of the system's operation. The DriverPass Training Homepage could only be accessed by logging in or making an account. The system was designed with the user as the primary consideration. In order to accomplish the aim for the system's end user, it is crucial to incorporate the proper use cases into your system. It will take less time to build the system for the developer if user demands are taken into account and the usability of the system is simple to use. Recognizing technical, functional, and non-functional requirements while building software can help you completely comprehend what the customer wants the system to be able to achieve.
